This toaster was unsatisfactory from the beginning because the two middle burners were weaker than the two outer burners, so every piece of toast was dark on one side and light on the other. Then, at 4 months, the toaster failed--when the bread was pushed down, it would not "catch" and it popped up immediately
Used this toaster once or twice a week for about a year, but now the latch won't stay down and I need to stand there with my finger on the latch in order to toast bread. Resources online say it could be caused by stuck crumbs, but I have thoroughly cleaned the toaster and I do not see any crumbs in the mechnical working area. Very disappointing
The band for the Stealth gets scratched easily doing workouts especially using equipment. My husband wore for barely 2 weeks and when he took it off to charge it completely came apart. We already got rid of the packaging so was not allowed to return or exchange in store. Very disappointed since it’s so pricey.
I was sent a refurbished/clearly used ring. The box already had the security tape ripped off. The box also had a giant yellow clearance sticker on it for $50 less than what I paid for a new ring. Target is a joke. I also can’t return via mail so I have to go out of my way to return a clearly used item that Target mailed me!!
 it got scratches from normal wear on first day itself, literraly DAY 1. and honestly if you have an apple watch, its does a lot better except charging it frequently, for $500 its a total waste.
I wanted to like this ring but unfortunately returned. For most of the health specs it takes 2 weeks to see your data! I wanted the fit to be slim but really the ring was only comfortable on my middle finger. Anytime I bent my fingers the ring was just not comfortable. I think my hands (knuckles space) is just too small and the ring size fit but the width was in the way with hand movement. The specs are comparable to an Apple Watch. I wanted to be impressed with the sleep tracking but the quality was subpar. Overall, I really wanted to keep this purchase, but unfortunately for the money it’s not worth it. If you are someone who can’t wear the Apple Watch or looking to have your heart rate tracked this could be a good option for you. For me there was nothing stellar I haven’t seen a Fitbit or an Apple Watch perform.
It’s…not great. The sleep tracking and battery life are the only positives I’ve found so far, and $6/month is an egregious reach with a product this expensive (though admittedly I did know that going into the purchase). It’s just not worth it just for that. I purchased it in hopes of being an Apple Watch replacement but it’s failed miserably in that respect. The ring itself is uncomfortable with semi-sharp edges that do not feel great next to other fingers. The finish is not nearly as strong as they let on, scratching and showing marks after a disappointingly short amount of time. The photos show wear after barely 2-months. Keep in mind I work a desk job and take off the ring before lifting weights or doing things that could scratch it! They claim “fully titanium” which is borderline false advertising as it’s an inner and outer titanium rings with a thin plastic or rubber band in between. All in all, it’s unfortunately too late for me to return it but if I could, I would.  Guest review image 1 of 3, zoom in  Guest review image 2 of 3, zoom in
Ring lost connectivity 2 months into use. Oura sent a replacement and it still won't connect. This is a flaw with this ring, and I will be disputing my credit card to get the charge back for a defective item.
Absolutely love my Oura ring. The tracking is great, the battery life is awesome. If you love the gold one, I would steer clear from it. I've had mine for a little over 3 weeks and it is all scratched up. I do go to the gym with it but my workouts dont cause it to get scatched.