Nice fit, good fabric, excellent value very flattering
They are great little tops. I haven’t washed them yet, but they fit great and are not so thin that you can see through them.
I have to start by saying my husband has been on me about buying 'cheap' clothes—you know from that other orange app? And he has a point; I was keeping 1 out of every 5 on average; out of the ones I kept, 1 out of 3 fell apart, and that's just... well, is just dumb. At the same time, I just can't justify spending $40 on a tank or $60 on a T shirt. I can do it for others, but for me? No way. So I saw the short-sleeve V-neck T-shirts first, and I bought a three-pack. I loved them so much I went back and bought a three-pack of long-sleeve T's. I loved those so much I went back and bought two packs of the short/cap sleeve T's—they did not disappoint. So I went back yesterday and bought a three pack of short sleeve T-s AND I put a three pack of tanks on my save for later so I can get them next pay day. If you are keeping track, I've bought 15 of these shirts, and I'm planning on buying at least 3 more. I absolutely love these shirts. The material is very soft; it flows nicely, is not transparent, and is not overly heavy. They hold up well. The neck doesn't get all wonky after washing, and the seams aren't falling out either. For the price point, I'll probably pick up a few packs of different styles... I think I have an addiction!
I have been giving this book to high school graduates since 2011 when I heard it reviewed on NPR. I was intrigued and subsequently ordered it for my own daughter. I also read it and found it entertaining and filled with real-life situations and tips on how to respond to crazy situations that are sure to happen when you are a college freshman. I also appreciated the tips on how to make friends, get involved and have a great college experience. I buy these in bulk so that I always have one on hand for the next grad party I'm invited to!
These tees were exactly what I was hoping they’d be. Soft and comfortable fit, true to size and wash nicely. Quality is nice too!
Love the stories and recipes!
These shirts are great quality, the right fit, and the right length to dress up or down. I was worried about the white tee being see-through, but it definitely is not. I am extremely pleased with this purchase and will be adding more to my wardrobe.
I’ve been following Diane for several years on Instagram, and I’m a huge fan of her approachable, visual meals. I’m thrilled to have her cookbook in hand, and make more of her inspiration makes.
Been following Diane for years and so happy she finally came out with a cookbook! Just got it yesterday and already so in love! 2 guests found this review helpful. Did you?
This ring is amazing when it comes to tracking my sleep, stress, and activity. I still rely on my Apple watch for my accurate tracking on physical activity, but I really appreciate the insights that the Oura ring offers. The battery life is a plus too! On average, it lasts me about 4-5 days before needing to charge. Keep in mine I am very physically active 5x a week so this may wear out the battery life quicker than usual. For a $400 ring, you'd think it would be more scratch resistant though! But that is my only con.